hey everybody I'm Joe Hudson I'm the
founder of art of accomplishment and I'm
a coach to a lot of CEOs and leaders in
Silicon Valley what this whole channel
is dedicated to is applied
self-awareness and what I mean by
applied self-awareness is understanding
what motivates you understanding what
you're good at it also means that you
understand how to change the things
about yourself that are causing you pain
applied means how does that relate to
being a great parent or being a great
CEO or starting a business or being an
artist the end result of Applied
self-awareness besides accomplishing a
whole bunch of great things in the world
is that you learn to love yourself more
and as you learn to love yourself you
love others more easily and you love the
world more easily so this content is all
about things from how to start a project
to how to approach a transformational
journey how to deal with your emotions
how to deal with
procrastination and whatever else you
want to see from us please give us
comments so that we can be interactive
with you and we can deliver stuff that's
really useful for you